CO-61-update-docs-for-co-58 (#68)
containeroo/cloudflare-operator: docs/content/core_concept.md

### Self-Healing

> The `Account` controller reconciles itself in the given interval if an error occurs. See the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Account` controller reconciles itself at the given interval if an error occurs. See the following table:
```

### Self-Healing

> The `Zone` controller reconcile itself in the given interval if an error occurs. See following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Zone` controller reconcile itself at the given interval if an error occurs. See following table:
```

    Let's say you have multiple `DNSRecords` pointing to the same IP. You can use the `IP` object to avoid repeating the IP address in the `DNSRecord.spec.content` field.  
    If you change the `IP` object, cloudflare-operator will automatically update the `DNSRecord.spec.content` fields.

2. **Dynamic DNS**

>     If the `type` is set to `dynamic`, cloudflare-operator will fetch your IPv4 address in a specified interval (`spec.interval`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If `type` is set to `dynamic`, cloudflare-operator will fetch your IPv4 address at the specified interval (`spec.interval`).
```

> ### Type static

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Type Static
```

> A `IP` object with type `static` will update Cloudflare DNS records in the given interval (`DNSRecord.spec.interval`) with its `address`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `IP` object with type `static` will update Cloudflare DNS records at the given interval (`DNSRecord.spec.interval`) with its `address`.
```

Example:

```yaml
---
apiVersion: cf.containeroo.ch/v1beta1
kind: IP
metadata:
  name: static-address
spec:
  type: static
  address: 142.251.36.35
```

> ### Type dynamic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Type Dynamic
```

> An `IP` object with type `dynamic` will fetch an IPv4 address from the defined `.spec.IpSources[*].url` in the given interval (`.spec.interval`).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `IP` object with type `dynamic` will fetch an IPv4 address from the defined `.spec.ipSources[*].url` at the given interval (`.spec.interval`).  
```

> If more than one `IpSources` are configured, cloudflare-operator shuffle the list with `IpSources` and try to fetch a valid IPv4 address, until the first response is valid. If none of the `IpSources` return a valid IPv4 address, cloudflare-operator will set the status of the `IP` object as `failed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If more than one `ipSources` are configured, cloudflare-operator shuffles the list with `ipSources` and tries to fetch a valid IPv4 address, until the response is valid. If none of the `ipSources` returns a valid IPv4 address, cloudflare-operator will set the status of the `IP` object to `failed`.
```

Default `interval` is set to 5 minutes.  

> A `source` can have following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `ipSource` can have the following keys:
```

> | key                     | description                                                                                                                                                          | example                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key                     | Description                                                                                                                                                          | Example                               |
```

| :---------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------ |
| url                     | URL to fetch IPv4 address                                                                                                                                            | `https://ipecho.net`                  |
| requestBody             | Additional request body to send to the `url`                                                                                                                         |                                       |
| requestHeaders          | Additional request headers to send to the `url`. The key will be passed as http header and the value will be passed as headers value                                 | `Accept: application/json`            |

> | requestHeadersSecretRef | link to a `secret` with additional http headers. All secret's key will be passed as http header and the corresponding secret's value will be passed as headers value | see example below                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| requestHeadersSecretRef | Link to a `secret` with additional http headers. All secret keys will be passed as http header and the corresponding secret values will be passed as headers value | See example below                     |
```

> | requestMethod           | request method. Possible values are `GET`, `POST`, `PUT` or `DELETE`                                                                                                 | `GET`                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| requestMethod           | HTTP request method. Possible values are `GET`, `POST`, `PUT` or `DELETE`                                                                                                 | `GET`                                 |
```

| responseTextRegex       | If the IPv4 address must be extracted from the http response. Uses the default golang regex engine.                                                                  | `\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}.\.\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}` |

> | responseJSONPath        | jsonpath to extract Ipv4 address. Uses the kubectl jsonpath library                                                                                                  | `'{.ip}'`                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| responseJSONPath        | JSONPath to extract IPv4 address. Uses the kubectl jsonpath library.                                                                                                  | `'{.ip}'`                             |
```

!!! warning "responseTextRegex"
    Be aware that the http request will fetch the **complete html document** and not what you see in your browser!

!!! note

>     If neither `responseJSONPath` nor `responseTextRegex` is set, cloudflare-operator will try to parse the **complete html document** as IPv4 address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If neither `responseJSONPath` nor `responseTextRegex` is set, cloudflare-operator will try to parse the **complete html document** as an IPv4 address.
```

Examples:

**Fetch your external IPv4 address from three "IP" providers**

```yaml
---
apiVersion: cf.containeroo.ch/v1beta1
kind: IP
metadata:
  name: external-ipv4
spec:
  type: dynamic
  IpSources:
    - url: https://ipecho.net
      responseTextRegex: \d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}.\.\d{1,3}\.\d{1,3}
    - url: https://api.ipify.org?format=json
      responseJSONPath: '{.ip}'
    - url: https://checkip.amazonaws.com
  interval: 5m
```

!!! info

>     Because more than one `source` is set, cloudflare-operator shuffle the list with `IpSources` and try to fetch a valid IPv4 address, until the first response is valid. If none of the `IpSources` return a valid IPv4 address, cloudflare-operator will set the status of the `IP` object as `failed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Because more than one `source` is set, cloudflare-operator shuffles the list with `ipSources` and tries to fetch a valid IPv4 address, until the response is valid. If none of the `ipSources` returns a valid IPv4 address, cloudflare-operator will set the status of the `IP` object to `failed`.
```

**Fetch your external IPv4 from a cloud provider**

Create a secret with your provider API credentials:

```yaml hl_lines="9"
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: hetzner-bearer-token
  namespace: default
type: Opaque
stringData:
  Authorization: Bearer TOKEN123
```

> Create a IP object which reference to the secret created above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an `IP` object which references the secret created above.
```

```yaml hl_lines="12"
---
apiVersion: cf.containeroo.ch/v1beta1
kind: IP
metadata:
  name: hetzner-ipv4
spec:
  type: dynamic
  IpSources:
    - url: https://api.hetzner.cloud/v1/servers
      responseJSONPath: '{.servers[0].public_net.ipv4.ip}'
      requestHeadersSecretRef:
        name: hetzner-bearer-token
        namespace: default
  interval: 5m
```

### Self-Healing

> The `IP` controller reconcile itself in the given interval if an error occurs. See following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IP` controller reconciles itself at the given interval if an error occurs. See the following table:
```

> | error                                                                       | interval |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Error                                                                       | Interval |
```

| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------- |

> | none of the provided `.spec.IpSources[*].url`'s return a valid IPv4 address | 60s      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| None of the provided `.spec.IpSources[*].urls` return a valid IPv4 address | 60s      |
```

> | fetching `DNSRecord` objects                                                | 30s      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fetching `DNSRecord` objects                                                | 30s      |
```

### self-healing

> The `Ingress` controller reconcile itself in the given interval if an error occurs. See following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Ingress` controller reconciles itself at the given interval if an error occurs. See the following table:
```

> | error                        | interval |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Error                        | Interval |
```

### self-healing

> The `DNSRecord` controller reconciles itself in the given interval if an error occurs. See the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DNSRecord` controller reconciles itself at the given interval if an error occurs. See the following table:
```

> | error                                                | interval |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Error                                                | Interval |
```

| :--------------------------------------------------- | :------- |

> | `apiKey` in secret from `Account.secretRef` is empty | 5s       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `apiKey` in secret from `Account.spec.secretRef` is empty | 5s       |
```

> | fetching zones from Cloudflare                       | 30s      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fetching zones from Cloudflare                       | 30s      |
```

| `Zone.name` in Cloudflare not found                  | 30s      |
| `Zone` object not ready                              | 5s       |

> | fetching zones from Cloudflare                       | 30s      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fetching zones from Cloudflare                       | 30s      |
```

> | fetching DNS records from Cloudflare                 | 30s      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fetching DNS records from Cloudflare                 | 30s      |
```

> | referenced `IP` object (`spec.ipRef.name`) not found | 30s      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Referenced `IP` object (`spec.ipRef.name`) not found | 30s      |
```
